poet
and uh... often the go phoning in
anything else lands
hotdogs perfect beers
your your walk out there without getting
shot but this is america in twenty
thirty eight date which case usually
iteration yourself
uh... because that's exactly what this
man
actionable ain in the florida jupiter is
in florida
gentle with jim
but we have any hope
get out of the debate let's look at the
video minutes after the gun went off the
victim is the guard agreed church you
could see police and paramedics tending
to him
them starting to search for the bullet
which witnesses say was down about
about parker
roll up our summers prime there's
campaign setting up a little external
product and they make no idea
the arrows at trial that they make snow
is another good talk around the t_v_
programs loaded guns on bowling outright
onto seminary chevron
what what you think that one of the bad
guy comes in
with a gun you gotta have a good day in
there with a gun you never know when
he's bad guys with guns show up as a
bowling alley comes after a year you
have to see that that bowling and i'm
well that's what it's really about this
i think you're about to get a three
hundred
and there's one sort of wavering a lot
of health and out of time to get those
to think about the ever seen any kind of
all of the hole in the
that's what that's all about probably
got a big bowl of the level of all
yahoo to roger everyone pretty good
uh... my average is uh...
i don't have an average
okay so here's a look at you go to rise
above that words that way
unravel at anti-gambling
aspirin eighty five something like that
made you bring a gun with you
just in case you're interested in that
it never happened when i say predicts
the dramatic reductions in how were
these kinds of stories every here cuz
every week some idiot
there is something that doesn't involve
guns
we hear about this and i think we keep
laughing at it but it just keeps telling
me and it's not actually funny at all ab
beer supposed to be responsible gun
owners and you hear about people who are
against any and all kind of gun safety
legislation they're against it you know
that
then unfortunately though the
responsible gun owners don't seem to be
that responsibility this guy wasn't
carrying this gun in a way that would
make sure that it didn't ever go often
for anybody much less himself and of
course since addison last few weeks
we've had our whole rash of shootings of
children shooting children and killing
them
and you know but that the family that
and gave their five-year-old son undone
a rifle that meant and marketed for
celebrant i mean this is this these are
on the edge of insanity is not already
over the clift uh... in life
you know i'm there was a face book post
uh... was one of my face but friends
uh... posted about uh... hey i want i
think it might go until i was twelve
years old and that's a difference to
england and missouri in kentucky that
was the arabic
and then other people talk behind on my
when i was sick so i got my when i was
seven women are
and they were like this is a good thing
they work and i was like this is the
most amazing face book trip and hijab
adversity in the right people i didn't
know that was it then you gave it get it
done when he was like six or seven years
although where there was a time when you
just got a gun cuz you lived in a rural
state
that's i didn't know that you know when
there was a time when that would help
you know what the kids are going out
they could actually hunt you know my
father was raised in deep east texas and
that's what they did they would actually
go up let me get dinner
you know but there's a long time ago
really don't really have that kind of
situation for most of these people who
are complaining about the kinds of gun
safety regulations that are being
proposed do you think there's some
boomerang thing going on here that
because we keep talking about this
fall and and rightfully so that the gun
people
arm doing crazier things like i can see
why in a good person say you're going
bowling and then your life
going to take my because they want my
than if i leave my house without my
judgment of the writing about
utilities justice idea
that you should have your time
adult i mean what could possibly be the
logical
step through that this guy was well i'm
gonna guess who's picking his his leg
doesn't work right now but i'm guessing
is opposite penis didn't work as well
itself because there's a feeling need to
have a gun in their pocket the whole
time on my wall about i've never felt
the need to seven to one of my pocket
you know why that's because my penis is
fantastic
and you also hectic morning machetes
right today steve roberts
so how is that the reading
yeah i think it is there's not gonna be
shrinkage of societal used to say no
shrinkage which is
nineteen eighties and i u
hi-fi